Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Theorizing that one could time travel
within his own lifetime,
Dr Sam Beckett stepped into
the Quantum Leap accelerator...
and vanished.
He awoke to find himself
trapped in the past,
facing mirror images
that were not his own,
and driven by an unknown force
to change history for the better.
His only guide on this journey is Al,
an observer from his own time,
who appears in the form of a hologram
that only Sam can see and hear.
And so Dr Beckett finds himself
leaping from life to life,
striving to put right
what once went wrong,
and hoping each time
that his next leap...
will be the leap home.
(PUBLIC WARNING SIREN)
Eddie!
Come on, man. Duck and cover.
Get down!
Put your mask on.
Why? The Ruskies just lobbed a bomb
on New York City.
Come on.
It's World War Three!
Get down. Pipe down.
Come on now.
Quantum leaping around, I'm used
to getting my atoms smashed in an
explosion of blinding white light.
But not even that could prepare
me...for this.
RADIO: This has been a test of the
CONELRAD Emergency Broadcast System.
This was only a test.
Only a test?
Come on up, Uncle Eddie.
You OK, buddy?
Yeah, I guess.
Come on, Sam.
What?
Come out now.
Nobody's gonna hurt you.
Well, I uh...
That's my boy. Sam!
Come here, Sam. Come on.
Did we do OK, Dad?
You did real good, son. If those
Ruskies attack, we're ready for 'em.
Maybe we should all go out and get
some fresh air.
That's exactly what we're gonna do.
Come on, kids. Up, up, up. Let's go.
Eddie, come on.
(PLANE OVERHEAD)
Enemy aircraft at 12 o'clock!
Wait for me, you pig.
Or I'll turn you into a frog.
Come on, Sam.
I just hate putting them through
these drills over and over,
every day.
Why's that, honey?
Mac, I don't know why you have
to scare 'em like that.
Hey, it's better they know
the truth.
We may all have to stay down there a
week or two till the fallout clears.
Fallout?
Don't worry, Eddie.
You'll be protected,
along with all the other folks
smart enough to buy
an Ellroy Super Deluxe shelter
from us.
See, one thing you gotta remember
when you're selling...
Bomb shelters?
Yeah. Yeah.
You're selling the best.
The best.
Hey, there's Burt the turtle.
Burt the turtle?
Yeah, some nickname my kids
gave him.
His wife left him for the pool man
a couple of years ago.
Hey, Burt! You having a party?
Khrushchev said he might be
dropping in.
Khrushchev. Come on.
Hey, Burt. Come on over. I want you
to meet my kid brother Eddie.
Eddie's in college.
First one in our family.
Oklahoma State.
He's taking time off to make money
selling shelters.
How are you doing?
OK, Burt.
I guess this crisis isn't hurting
you guys.
Well, we can't complain.
I heard the navy is gonna hit the
Soviet missile ships in 23 hours.
You know what that means?
The Cuban Missile Crisis.
What?
The...Cuban Missile Crisis.
I'm just saying, you know,
it'll probably be over any day now.
Of course, you never know -
You never do. That's what I've
been trying to tell Burt for
years, but he had to get -
The pool was for when I sell.
Sell what? There'll be nothing left.
You'll be swimming in fallout while
we're safe below in our Super
Deluxe.
I told you, Homestead is only
200 miles away from Havana.
Hell, they could lob one in here
in 40 seconds.
You really think these things work?
Yeah. Sure. I mean -
They're guaranteed.
Would you mind giving me
a quick look?
Hey, no problem. Eddie here will
give you the special VIP tour,
right?
Oh, hey, wait a minute. I think I
need a little more time to -
Come on. You gotta do this.
Time is running out.
Welcome to the Ellroy Super Deluxe
atom bomb shelter.
Designed to give you the most modern
space age conv-
space age conveniences to protect
you and yours well into the '60s.
Uh...each shelter comes standard
with two plush bedrooms
for your sleeping pleasure.
See, this is one, and then this,
hopefully, will be two.
Here.
Oh, ah...yes,
The chemical toilet in four models.
Yes, and this is the other bedroom.
Now, since you're on your own, Burt,
you could make this into a lovely
rumpus room
for billiards or pinball or just
about anything to keep you amused
while the fallout clears.
And...and...and each shelter comes
equipped with a second standard
emergency exit.
That's if the main hatch is covered
up with dirt and debris after the
blast, you can still get out.
Come on.
Oh, watch your head there.
Oh, man.
Comes supplied with all the supplies
and equipment you'll need to survive
in style.
Here.
Survive in style?
Here. Your battery, portable,
three-way...
radio there is pre-set to both
CONELRAD channels to keep you
informed on your fallout info.
You got your Geiger counter
to tell you how contaminated you are
after the blast,
and - oh, Burt, look at this.
Your own protective radiation-proof
poncho.
Ah. It's got shredded lead
on the inside,
makes it resistant
to plutonic waste.
Handsome, huh?
It's you.
Thank you.
Mm.
Now, give him the big fashion.
Each shelter is decorated
with plush carpeting
and a special coat of paint.
So that, with the Ellroy Super
Deluxe,
there's no reason to sit in a drab
shelter,
when you can -
Survive in style!
Now, normally, this would go for
3Gs,
but since you're a neighbour
and all,
I'm gonna give you a 20% VIP
discount.
20%. $2,400?
Oh, no. I don't know. This whole
Cuba thing could just be a scare.
What if it's over in a few days?
What if it's not?
Now, I got ten crews working
overtime, bud.
I can bulldoze tomorrow, have your
ground up by Monday,
have the whole damn thing set up
by Wednesday.
And that'll be before we intercept
those Ruskie cargo ships loaded with
missiles.
I have to think about it.
You know, the longer you wait
on this...
the longer it takes us to build.
I...I gotta go put my milk away.
Two years, I still haven't sold
to him.
You'd better bone up
on that brochure.
I'm gonna need someone out there
selling for me.
This whole crisis could go on
for weeks. OK.
See you topside.
Yeah. Yeah. See you.
Look at this place.
I can't believe people actually
used to build these shelters.
What's wrong with this picture?
That's better.
Al, I'm an atom bomb shelter
salesman.
Well, actually, you're a junior
at Oklahoma State.
Eddie Ellroy?
Yeah. Apparently, you lost your
basketball scholarship when you
wrecked your knee -
Mac said I'm here selling bomb
shelters to make money to finish
school.
Well, you know, that's a good
business to go into.
October 26th, 1962 is right
at the height of the -
Cuban Missile Crisis. I know.
That's right.
Look at this place.
You got gas masks.
Look at this thing.
It's a radiation chart.
They got atomic rumpus rooms,
but there's no nuclear war.
Yeah, but people didn't know that
then.
We all thought maybe it was
the end of the world.
We?
You're a Swiss cheeser,
too young to remember what
the Cuban Missile Crisis was like.
Elk Ridge, Indiana,
wasn't exactly ground zero.
I can barely remember what happened.
Except for my mom,
cos she was canning food like crazy.
But we didn't live near a big city,
so, you know, it didn't seem so
scary.
Plus - Didn't seem scary.
Well, you weren't flying
reconnaissance flights over Cuba.
You flew reconnaissance -
I was in an F-4 Phantom escort.
One of our U-2s got shot down
photographing the missile bases.
My squadron went in after.
And Sam, I gotta tell you,
you don't realise how close we came
to World War Three.
I mean, total annihilation.
But Kennedy doesn't attack Cuba,
and Khrushchev removes
all the missiles, right?
That's right.
But erm...
another kind of bomb goes off
in this backyard.
You see that gun?
Someone in the family gets shot?
The neighbour, Burt Rosecranz.
There's a 99% chance you're here
to stop him getting shot.
How does it happen?
Ziggy's still trying to get into
the court transcripts,
but a newspaper article said Mac
shot Burt when he tried to break
into the shelter tomorrow.
No.
Mac gets 20 years, Kate and the kids
lose the business, the house, the
cars, and worst of all, Mac.
It still doesn't make any sense.
Why would somebody shoot their
neighbour?
It was the Cuban Missile Crisis.
What does that mean?
Sam, you don't remember,
but people then,
normal people,
ordinarily normal people,
stocked their shelters with weapons.
They said they would shoot their
friends to protect their family.
That's insane.
What's gonna happen here
tomorrow night is insane.
Unless I can stop Mac. I know.
I'll do it.
Good.
Somehow.
Wow. Look at all the fighters.
There they go.
They'll stop those Ruskies.
And if they don't,
then we'll duck and cover.
Then we'll hide in the bomb shelter.
Then the Ruskies are gonna come down
and attack our cities.
What's gonna happen to us?
Well, they'll try to kill us.
Then they'll -
Stop that, Stevie.
You liar.
Don't worry. Me and dad and Uncle
Eddie will fight 'em off. Right?
Why do they want to kill us?
Well, they don't.
Yes, they do.
No, Stevie, the Russians
are just like us.
But they're evil.
No, they're not.
See, they got families and...kids
and they got dogs,
just like you guys do.
All the children go to school.
Yeah. They teach 'em to kill us.
No, look. The Russian people
want peace.
Dad, Uncle Eddie said the Russians
aren't evil.
No, I just said I don't think
the Russian people are that different
from us.
Well, how come they're building
a nuclear missile base not more
than 200 miles from our backyard?
I got a feeling that Khrushchev's
gonna dismantle the whole thing
in a couple of days.
You don't know that.
I do. I got a feeling.
No, you don't. Not even Kennedy
or Khrushchev knows that.
Dad, how far is 200 miles?
It's a long, long way, son.
I'm sorry. I'm just trying to make
the kids feel less afraid.
Well, you're doing a hell of a job,
you know?
Hey, come on, let's go get some
dinner. What do you say?
Good. I'm starving.
Full speed ahead, Dad.
What are you doing?
Oh, just thought I'd drop in,
say hello.
That's nice.
You know, I'm very flattered
that I'm the only human being
you've picked on to talk to.
We interrupt our regularly scheduled
programme for this special bulletin.
The Pentagon has just reported that
US naval vessels intercepted a
Russian cargo ship headed for Cuba.
The vessel was later allowed to pass
through the blockade when a visual
inspection determined
that no offensive missiles
were hidden onboard.
However, the clock is ticking down,
as the armada of US destroyers and
aircraft carriers are 18 hours from
a showdown with Soviet freighters.
OK, kids,
I figure it's blanket time.
Come on. Come on now.
Daddy, I'm too scared to go to bed.
Well, I'll come and tuck you in
in a minute, hon.
Go on.
Don't worry, Dad. I'll protect us.
I know you will, partner.
I know you will.
Go on.
I'll be up, Stevie.
Good night.
You know, when I was in the shelter
today I was...
I was kinda wondering about the...
shotgun and the kids and...
Oh, it's locked. I got the only key.
It's still dangerous having it
around.
It's dangerous not to.
I gotta protect my family.
From what?
Ruskies, looters.
Neighbours?
Well...
if a nuclear war started and someone
tried to break into my shelter,
he might expose us to radiation.
I wouldn't have much choice,
would I, if I wanted us to survive.
A lot of people think that the world
couldn't survive a nuclear war.
Is that what those pinko egg heads
been teaching you in college?
What else did they tell you?
That a nuclear blast would kick up
so much earth and debris
that it would block out the sun
entirely, creating a nuclear winter.
Nuclear winter.
And everything would die.
No. Not everything.
We'd survive, Eddie.
Just like we survived
Cimarron County in '35.
The dust bowl?
You see, you weren't even born then.
You don't remember what it was like.
I'll never forget.
That afternoon, there was no wind.
It was just silent and still.
Me and Pa were walking
a team of horses home...
..when thousands of these birds
came flying by from the north.
We looked back,
and we seen it coming.
This huge, rolling tidal wave of
earth spread across the sky.
It drifted in like...like dark snow,
blacking out the sun, making day
darker than night. It was like
the end of the earth.
Pa grabbed me. We held on to his
horse.
We weren't more than 100 yards off,
but we still could not find
our way home.
It covered the farm in dust.
Everything we had worked for died.
And...I remember seeing the look
in Pa's face.
Something in him died that day too.
You never knew
what it was really like.
God.
No, I didn't, Mac.
Well,
we survived that.
And we're gonna survive this.
(DOOR SLIDES)
Hey.
What are you doing up?
I thought I heard something outside.
Nothing out there, huh?
Gotta get back to bed.
I can't.
I keep wondering
how far 200 miles is.
Stevie...
There's not gonna be a war.
The TV said there was.
Have you ever been this scared
before?
Yeah. I guess.
When my mom was in the hospital
for an operation.
I was afraid she might die.
If you look back on that time now,
you can see that you were worried
about something bad that didn't
happen, right?
Yeah.
Well, let's...
Let's just pretend that you can
travel into the future,
and look back on this time right now.
Now, you'll see that the Russians
never hurt you or your family.
And you'll see that you were spending
a lot of your time and energy
being afraid of something bad
that never happened.
So, being afraid is stupid?
No. No.
There's nothing wrong
with being afraid.
Sometimes, it just doesn't do you
any good.
So, come on. What do you say?
Let's pretend that we've travelled
into the future,
and everything back here is OK.
And that you're not scared anymore.
OK.
Come here.
I love you, Uncle Eddie.
I love you too. Good night, Stevie.
See you in the morning.
(TV CARTOON PLAYS)
(DOORBELL RINGS)
We interrupt our programme
with a special bulletin.
The Pentagon has just revealed
the identity of a U-2 pilot
presumed missing after being
shot down over Cuba yesterday.
Major Rudolph Anderson Jr, 35,
from Greenville, South Carolina,
was flying a reconnaissance U-2
mission
when he was shot down
by Cuban anti-aircraft guns.
His wife and children -
Right, you two.
Go outside and play. Do you hear?
(DOORBELL RINGS)
Go on.
Hey, Dad, why do they keep having
these stupid special bulletin
things?
Oh, uh...you know,
it's just the news.
Go on.
Ah, jeez.
Mac, look who's here.
Good morning.
Good morning, Mrs Klingman.
This is my kid brother Eddie
from Oklahoma.
How do you do?
Nice to meet you.
I thought the kids'
piano lesson was on Monday.
Mrs Klingman wants to talk to you
about buying a shelter.
POLISH ACCENT: Nothing too fancy.
I thought, with all this craziness
with Cuba, I should look, see, yes?
You understand?
Oh, sure, yeah. I gotta go,
but uh...Eddie here can help you.
There you have it. The um...
Ellroy Super Deluxe.
Designed to let you sit back,
relax and...
survive in style.
So, uh...what do you think?
I think your pitch needs work.
Yeah, well, I'm not really much
of a salesman. It's kinda my first
day here.
You know, we don't need so much
space. It's only me and my husband.
We only have so much
from his pension
and what I make teaching piano.
(SIGHS)
Mrs Klingman...
you don't have to worry.
They're not going to attack us.
(MOANS)
What?
What is it?
Here, sit down.
What's wrong?
Are you OK?
I'm sorry. I didn't mean to...
It was a long time ago.
Whatever I said to upset you,
I'm sorry.
No, no, no, no, no.
It was the words.
"Don't worry.
They're not going to attack us."
I heard those words before.
I believed,
and look at what happened.
Dachau, Buchenwald...
Now it is happening all over again.
This time, there will be
no survivors.
Then why waste your money
on a shelter?
(LAUGHS)
You're right.
You're not much of a salesman.
(LAUGHS)
Watch your step.
I'll uh...I'll be right up,
Mrs Klingman.
Oh, jeez, Al.
(SIGHS)
How long have you been here?
Long enough to see that you
are a real mensch.
Mensch?
Mensch.
Means...good guy.
It's a word that my fourth wife...
third, fourth -
third or fourth wife, Ruthie,
used to use.
She never used it about me, though.
Hi.
I thought you were going out.
I thought you were selling her
a shelter.
Well, you know, I showed her around,
but...
No. You told her not to buy one.
Look, Mac, she really doesn't have
very much money -
I don't know what the hell's
gotten into you.
I brought you here to earn money
to finish school.
You're driving my customers away,
upsetting my kids -
Mac, it's not...
I'm not doing it on purpose.
Little brother or not,
you pull this one more time,
and I'm sending you back
to Oklahoma.
REPORTER: The Strategic Air
Command's intercontinental bombers
are on alert.
Three Polaris submarines,
each carrying 16 nuclear missiles,
leave their Holy Loch, Scotland,
base,
and disappear into the Atlantic.
1,000 tactical bombers
are poised in Florida,
minutes from their Soviet
missile sites in Cuba.
Hey, Mac, are you down in there?
You know what the hell...
is happening out there?
What?
It's nuts!
The stores are empty.
There's no eggs, milk, light bulbs.
Driving home,
I got stopped for three hours.
They blocked off the road for
a convoy of armed troops This Cuba
thing is really gonna happen.
Burt, take it easy.
Everything is gonna be OK.
No, it's not!
There were miles of troops,
all armed.
I've got to get a shelter.
If you just wait a few more days -
We don't have a few more days.
All right, little brother!
All right!
Ha-ha-ha!
Hey, you know that this means? Huh?
No.
You've just made yourself 120 bucks.
Hell, you might make yourself
enough to go to grad school.
Eddie, give me a hand here,
will you?
Yeah.
I knew you could do it. I did.
(CHUCKLES)
Hey, honey!
Guess what Eddie here sold.
I'm out here on the porch, honey.
(CHILDREN SINGING)
TV: # He ducked and covered
♪ Ducked and covered
♪ He did what we all
must learn to do
♪ You and you and you and you
♪ You duck and cover ♪
PRESENTER: Sundays, holidays,
vacation time,
we must be ready every day,
all the time
to do the right thing
if the atomic bomb explodes.
(EXPLOSION)
Duck and cover.
This family knows what to do,
just as your own family should.
♪ Duck and cover
Hey, Uncle Eddie.
Hey.
What are you doing?
Nothing. What are you doing?
Nothing. Wanna join me?
Maybe later.
Oh, Eddie...
Uh-huh?
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
You seen my keys?
You scared me.
Uh...you want me to help you
look for 'em?
Yeah.
Yeah. I know I left 'em somewhere.
Maybe over here on the table
somewhere.
Oh, wait. There they are.
Passed right by 'em.
Oh, sorry, I...
I'll see you at dinner.
OK.
..in the future, the Russians
don't attack us and you won't be
scared anymore.
But how does the future
know it won't happen?
Well, it doesn't for sure.
I mean...
jeez, he explained it better
last night.
Hey, Uncle Eddie.
Tell her what you told me
about the Russians and the future.
Well, uh...
I was just telling Stevie that...
..things aren't always as bad
as they seem at the time.
What about the Russians?
Well, it's just that right now,
you're hearing a lot about
the Russians wanting to hurt us.
But they do, don't they?
Well, no, I don't think so.
But my daddy says they do.
I know he did, but -
But my daddy's not a liar.
Honey, I'm not saying that he is.
Yes, you are.
My daddy wouldn't lie to me.
Kimberly -
What's the matter?
Uncle Eddie said that Daddy
is a liar.
What?
Daddy wouldn't do that.
Oh, honey, shh!
No, Kate, that's not what I meant.
What on earth did you tell her?
I told her that the Russians
weren't going to hurt her.
She felt like I was contradicting -
Have you watched the news lately?
Mommy, stop.
There. See? I'm almost done.
There.
But if you don't let me finish
sewing on all these sequins,
you're not gonna get to be a fairy
princess for Halloween.
So, let me finish, OK?
Now, go on and play. When I'm done,
I'll let you try it on.
Look, I was just trying to let her
know that everything was gonna be OK.
You know?
Well, I wish I knew that.
I do. I know that we're not going to
be hiding in bomb shelters forever.
You listen to all this talk about
fallout and radiation and...
I have never been so scared
in my whole life.
Not so much for me, but...for them.
I mean, I'm making that
for her next week.
She may never get to wear it.
Now, you listen to me.
I want you to finish this dress, OK?
Why?
Because you're gonna have a very
angry little girl on Halloween
if you don't.
I knew there wasn't going to be
a nuclear war.
But I couldn't seem to convince
anybody else, or stop them from being
afraid.
Kimberly was crying at night,
Stevie couldn't sleep and Kate was
frightened for her family's future.
And you water it.
Do you have to sneak up on me?
Well, I'm sorry. Do you expect
a hologram to knock?
What are you doing?
Burying the shotgun shells.
Oh, that's a good idea.
Make sure the kids don't see you.
Don't worry, they're inside
watching Duck And Cover.
Duck And...
Oh, Duck And Cover. I remember that.
Isn't that like an air raid drill?
Teaches them that If you hide under
a picnic blanket, it works wonders
against atom bombs.
Well, it gives 'em something to do.
What?
Well, then they can feel
they have some control
over the uncontrollable.
It gives them a feeling that
they can survive a nuclear war.
If they carry that feeling with them
as they grow up -
Sam, we're talking kids here.
They need something to do
so they don't feel so afraid.
Yeah, you're right.
Well, at least I'm gonna leap
out of here soon, right?
MAC: Eddie!
Wrong.
Get in here!
Burt still gets shot
and Mac still goes to prison.
What's up, Mac?
Kate and Stevie say you got Kimberly
all upset by calling me a liar.
That doesn't sound like
the Sam Beckett I know.
That's not exactly how it happened.
Well, what exactly did happen?
Well, I can explain that, see.
Sam!
Now we're in big trouble.
Come here, boy.
Come here, Sam. Come here, boy.
If he bites hard,
that shell could explode.
Stay out of the room! Stay out!
Get out of the room. Come here.
Get the kids outta here.
A bullet!
Stevie, get back!
Sam, you're gonna get hurt.
Come on. Give it to me.
Sam, do something.
Come on, boy.
(BARKS)
Come on. Sam.
(Sam. Sam.)
(BARKS)
Here.
These are from my shotgun.
You stole my key so you could take
these, right?
I didn't wanna see anybody get
hurt.
Yeah, well, my kids almost did!
Here it comes, Sam.
You'd better say something.
I'm sorry, Mac.
I want you out of my house, now.
Mac and I argued for over an hour.
I wasn't getting anywhere,
but at least it kept me with the
family and Mac away from his gun.
All right. That's it. I told you
I want you out of my house.
(TV CARTOON PLAYS)
(BARKS)
Mac, I can't explain to you
how I know this, but I...
(BIRDS SCREECHING)
REPORTER: We interrupt our regularly
scheduled programme for this special
bulletin. One moment, please.
Ladies and gentlemen, the President
of the United States.
I have a preliminary statement.
There has been a great deal of talk -
What happened to the light?
What's going on?
It's just a blackout.
(CHILDREN SHOUT)
Look, shut up!
(PUBLIC WARNING ALARM)
My God. It's happening.
Right. In the shelter. Let's go.
Now.
(SHOUTING)
(ALL SHOUT AT ONCE)
It's not what you think.
There are no missiles.
(ALL SHOUT AT ONCE IN PANIC)
Mac...
Look!
Son, you get in there right now.
Get out of the way!
It's not an air raid.
What about Sam?
Go down there.
You stay out of my way
or I'm leaving you up here.
Now, you get in there. Go on!
Sam!
Mac?
Mac, get down here!
Go on.
OK. Come on.
Sam! We gotta find Sam!
He'll be OK.
Daddy, we gotta find him!
He's gonna die out there!
Kids, listen to me. It's a false
alarm, OK?
You don't have to worry
about the dog.
We have to find him!
I know. I know.
Will you please get the kids
in the back bedroom?
(CHILDREN SHOUTING AND WAILING)
No!
We gotta find Sam, Dad!
(SHOUTS INCOHERENTLY)
Stop it!
Stop! Stop. We're getting him.
It's OK.
Sh. Now, just stay right here.
I'll be right back.
Tell Daddy to get Sam.
Please tell him to get Sam.
Listen to me.
I have had enough of you.
Just listen to me.
I've had enough.
(BANGING)
Mac!
Let me in.
No!
Please!
Mac, let me in!
Burt, don't -
Put the back catch down!
Get away!
Mac, please!
(ALL SHOUT AT ONCE)
(Don't worry.)
Please.
Burt, there's nothing - Go home.
Please!
Burt, just go home.
They're coming over any second!
I swear to you -
Can't you hear?
Get outta here. Go away.
Mac, what are you doing?
Mac, what are you doing!?
Burt's up there.
Are you gonna shoot Burt?
Mac! No! Mac! Mac!
Get out of the way!
(SHOT FIRED)
The Russians.
I don't wanna die.
I don't wanna die. Sh!
Give me the gun.
Stop it!
Let go!
Give me the gun.
Stevie, where are you going?
Shh! Gotta stop the Russians.
(EVERYONE SHOUTING)
Let go.
Put the gun down! Stop it!
Sam!
What's happened?
It's the war!
No, it's just a power blackout.
Some civil defence guy. He panicked
and he started a false alarm.
Let go! Please!
Mac! Please!
Burt wasn't shot with a shotgun!
(SHOUTING AND SIREN)
What?
He was shot with a .38.
(GUNSHOT)
No!
Sam, it's Stevie! He's got the .38.
Stevie, it's me, Burt.
Oh, God. Don't shoot.
Stevie's up there.
What?
He's up there with your .38.
Stevie...
Stevie, put the gun down.
Stevie, put down the gun.
Look out, Uncle Eddie!
It's a Russian!
(GUNSHOT)
Burt, put down the shovel,
really slow.
Burt, put the shovel...
Stevie, come on, now.
It's just Burt. Your neighbour Burt.
Yeah. Stevie, it's me.
You remember him. Look at him.
Burt the turtle.
He's gonna shoot again.
The bomb! Stevie, quick. Duck and
cover. Duck and cover.
I don't wanna die.
Where did he get the dress?
Give me the gun. It's OK.
Everything's OK.
Stevie, boy. Stevie.
Stevie.
Sam, it was Stevie who shot him
all along.
Mac felt so guilty
that he took the blame himself.
..the Soviet missile bases in Cuba
are being dismantled,
their missile and related equipment
are being crated,
and the fixed installations
at these sites are being destroyed.
(PHONE RINGS)
What does that mean, Dad?
Oh, well, uh...it means...
it's over.
No more bombs. No more Russians.
You two kids don't have anything
to be scared of now.
Good. I'm sick of being scared.
You know, you were right.
About a lot of things.
That was Burt.
♪ And Burt the turtle was very alert
♪ When danger threatened
he never got hurt
♪ He knew just what to do ♪
Yeah. He just cancelled his cheque.
Doesn't want to buy a shelter now.
You can't really blame him. They
almost turned him into a colander.
Mac, that makes five cancellations
today.
I know. I know.
(PHONE RINGS)
Make that six.
I don't know what I'm gonna do. I
have all my crews and my bulldozers.
You can always do what Burt did.
What's that?
Well, put in pools.
Swimming pools?
Yeah, you already got the crews
and all the equipment.
You could sell fun instead of...fear.
Sell fun instead of fear.
That's great.
Swimming pools? Hey, that's good,
Sam.
You change history.
Eddie graduates from college
and he helps Mac build the biggest
swimming pool company
in South Florida.
I'll think about it.
Hey, hey, hey. What's going on here?
Nobody punches me
and gets away with it.
Nobody.
Argh!
Butch?
What are you doing?
Dr Masters wanted me to calm him
down. So, I'm going to calm him
down.
You're not giving him
shock treatment?
Shock?
You watch me.
Wait. You know the rules.
Only a doctor's allowed to
administer shock.
My doctor told me to do it,
and that's close enough.
Just wait a minute. I wanna go get
Dr Masters, OK?
(GROANING IN PROTEST)
No, you can't do that.
That's too high. You'll kill him!
(EXPLOSION)
itfc subtitles
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org